Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- Yeah, and I'll be in
Connecticut from here on out.
Just, all you gotta do
is Dropbox me the footage
and I'll take care of it.
You got the address I sent you, right?
Yeah.
Alright, yeah, it's My uncle's place.
Hey Allen, thank you.
For everything.
- What's up simpleton?
- Where's the truck?
- What do you mean?
- You're the only fireman in the world
with a brand new Buick.
- Yeah, I like to stand out.
- Yeah, you do that.
- Be careful, don't slide it.
- Yeah, I'm sorry.
- How was the train?
- Uh, it's fine, it sucked.
- Yeah?
Jesus Christ!
You're just like Marie.
Marie slams the door too!
- Sorry, sorry.
- The thing's new!
- How is Marie?
- Marie's doing good.
She hasn't changed.
- That train was packed 'til Milford, man.
- Oh, Tommy, your breath is awful!
- I had two beers on the train.
- Yeah, and what else, a shit sandwich?
- How's Sammie?
- Big, eats everything in sight.
- Oh, shit, you don't have one
of those fat kids, do you, Dominic?
- Not at all!
She's got my metabolism.
Why didn't you come to the wedding?
It was hilarious.
Marie got hammered, I was stoned.
- I'd be hammered and stoned
too if I had to watch that.
- Hey, my dad is stubborn,
so don't say a word about it.
- I won't.
- Leave him alone.
Dude, you gotta be in New York.
What the hell are you
gonna do around here?
- I couldn't afford New York anymore, man.
- Get a smaller place, a roommate, even.
Or go down to Florida
with your mom and dad.
You're a moron.
- I'm all set here.
- Well, now you're gonna be
stuck with my dad and Varya.
- Is that how you say it?
I thought it was Var-ee-ya, Var-ee-ya?
- Varya.
- Varya!
- Yeah, yeah, okay, whatever.
- Varya.
- However you say it, it
sounds like venereal disease.
- That's terrible.
- You laugh 'cause it's true.
- Yeah, well.
I gotta stop home and
get my charger, okay?
- Yeah, no, that's fine.
I kinda wanna change anyway.
- Yo!
- Is that Cheech?
- Give me that.
- Thanks.
- What are you doin', sizzle-chest?
- Hey, Uncle Dom.
- Don't get too
close, his breath is awful!
- What are you talkin' about?
Smells like peppermint.
Hey, you look good, Cheech.
- Thank you.
- He's an idiot
for not staying in the city!
- Don't worry about it.
We got a room in the basement
for ya all set up, okay?
You know, Auntie Lori Would have had
a big plate of food waiting for ya.
- Yeah, I know.
Thank you.
- You hungry?
- No, I'm good, I'm just tired.
- You're going to
Matillo's tomorrow, right?
Bobby gonna hook you up with a car?
- Yeah, actually, I'm
gonna need a ride, though.
I don't know if you're free--
- I'll take you!
- Jesus Christ!
Ow, hi, yeah, great.
- How are you?
- I'm great, Marie, now get off my back!
Okay, hi.
- Oh my God, you'd look the same
without the string mustache!
- Yeah, thanks, you look great too.
- Oh my God,
you're my roommate now.
Gonna fuck shit up.
- If you say so.
- Holly and I might go to
New Haven on Friday, come.
- Yeah, okay, if I can make it.
- Oh, shut up, you're not doing anything.
Plus Holly wants to fuck you.
- Marie!
- Sorry!
- Well, plus, I already told
her you were coming, so.
- Oh, great.
- You gotta come to my place and see Sammy
I'm picking her up from
her mother's later.
- Sure, yeah.
- Now wait a second, time out, Tommy.
You gotta help me with
this computer stuff.
I can't figure this out.
- Yeah, whenever--
- Oh, hello!
- Oh.
- Oh!
- Say hi to my wife.
She's my wife now, Tommy!
- Yes, yes!
- Yeah, I know, I know!
Congratulations!
Hi, Varya, um, ah, how are you?
- Ah, good, good.
Long day, tired.
- Yeah, yeah.
- You go shower, Sweetheart.
I'll make your tea for you, okay?
- I, I be right back.
Good to see you.
- You, too.
- I've never been happier.
Well, since your Auntie Lori.
- Yeah, no, I know what you meant.
- You know, she always
loved when you would
spend weekends here and at
the beach house in Madison.
By the way, the Gavin's
know you moved back yet?
- Uh, no.
My computer and camera stuff,
it should all be here tomorrow.
- You just reminded me.
Jerry and Allison are having
Vinny baptized next Sunday,
and they want you to do the video.
- Yeah.
- They'll pay you!
- Cool, yeah, sweet.
I'll give 'em a call.
- Alright, now look.
Sit down, I'll get you some
vino and you can relax, okay?
- Yeah, I'll try.
- Hey, you're always welcome here.
- Thanks, Uncle Dom.
- Welcome back, asshole.
- Hello!
Welcome to Soviet Russia,
where we drink Svedka,
but not Grey Goose!
- Ha ha ha.
- Grey Goose make you gay!
- Your terrible.
- Gay French men, according to Putin.
All hail, shirtless Putin.
We're going to sing,
dance, do as Russians do!
Fuck bear, suck cabbage!
- You're terrible, but
that's actually pretty funny.
- Thank God you're here.
I'm losing my mind.
- It can't be that bad!
- Dude, my dad got the
Rosetta Stone Russian thing.
You'll hear him every morning
in his office doing it.
He sounds like an asshole.
- Christ.
- If Russians weren't
white he'd sound racist.
So what are you gonna do,
you gonna look for a job?
What do you even do?
- You know, videography.
Like camera, shoot for weddings,
or get a commercial gig,
or a school play, bar mitzvah.
- No bar
mitzvahs in North Branford.
- Yeah, well, you know what I mean.
Until then, I'm gonna need a car.
- If I was off tomorrow, I'd go with you.
- Why don't you just take
the day off, come with me.
- I can't!
I'd have to be on call, and
I'm not that kind of nurse.
But I'm serious about Friday.
Going to New Haven, or
Eli's, I haven't decided yet.
Also, I told Holly you were coming back.
She's excited!
She wants to fuck you, dude!
- Well, that is not gonna happen.
- Why, why not, what's wrong with her?
- Dom fucked her.
- So?
So did Danny.
Those guys are super horny.
They'd try to fuck a bride
on her way down the aisle.
- How is Danny?
- Oh, he's a cop now.
Yeah, I know.
If one more girl asks to see his gun
I'm gonna shoot his dick off with it.
Hey, wanna smoke?
- Come on, smoke with me.
You never do.
- If I never
do, then why do you ask?
- Because I am always, always hoping.
- Hoping?
- Yeah!
- For what?
- For you to take a single puff with me.
- Next time?
- Next time, really?
- Yeah, next time.
- I don't believe you.
- I don't believe me either.
- Full of shit.
- Alright, you know, why
don't you get me a beer.
Yeah, you smoke, I drink, we'll have fun.
It'll be fine.
- Okay, let's make a compromise here.
So, I will get us both beers.
- Alright.
- Good?
And then, I'm gonna go over there
and get that joint and you will
take a single, single puff.
Right?
- Next time.
I pinkie promise.
- You suck.
- I can live with that.
- I'm still gonna smoke.
- You do you.
- Oh God.
- What's wrong?
- There are like four
kids in skinny jeans.
- What?
- They're gonna steal my stuff.
What are you lookin' at?
- Your adorable red eyes.
- They're not red.
- You're right, I was just kidding.
- Mmhmm.
- They're not adorable either.
- How dare you!
Wanna play a game?
- Sure.
Let's see.
Kiss me like our first date.
Kiss me like you'll never see me again.
- No.
That's sad.
- Okay.
Well, then kiss me merry Christmas.
Damn, I thought these came down.
I was gonna make you a tree.
- No, thanks, I'm good.
- Come on, don't be a pussy!
- I'm not being a pussy, I'm good.
You smoke, I'll drink.
- Oh.
Okay.
You know, seriously, though.
I'm really excited that you're back.
My dad's losing it.
- How's Varya?
You know, is she?
- I don't care.
He's happy, it's easier to
let him do what he wants.
Fuck, now I gotta get high!
Thanks, asshole.
- You got it.
Hey, I'll be up in like
five minutes, alright?
- Yeah.
- I'm so happy you are here!
And your uncle is very happy, too.
- Thank you.
- Okay, bye!
- Uh, bye.
Great.
You would buy her that.
- She wanted it.
Are you gonna bang Holly?
- Why does everyone want me to bang Holly?
- Do it, get laid!
- No thanks.
- Danny fucked her.
- Yeah, I know.
- You'll do it.
- You and that phone.
Who are you texting, anyway?
- This girl.
- Oh, yeah, this girl?
Let me see.
- Give me the phone, I hate that!
- Okay, whoa, whoa, whoa!
- Don't do that!
- Shh, shh, shh, geez, geez.
Yeah, okay, fine, man.
- I hate that.
Don't do that, you fucking retard.
- I got it.
What, is it a he or something?
- No!
- Did Danny fuck her too?
- Let me get this straight.
You're gonna have some chick over
while your daughter's
sleepin' in the next room?
That's sick, Dom.
- If I gotta girl over,
she sleeps downstairs.
She's got all her toys, the couch, a TV.
- Yeah, real nice Casey Anthony.
- I check on her and it's
not like I'm hiding her.
They all know she's here.
- They all?
How many girls do you have
comin' out of this place?
- I don't know, just some chicks.
Which is exactly what you should
be doin' in New York City.
Dude, you're a fucking moron.
- Yeah, yeah, you wanna
go to New York City?
Be my fucking guest.
It was a big fucking
expense I couldn't afford.
I couldn't find enough
work, but you have fun.
- Whatever.
Sam?
Sammy!
Oh, God, Sammy!
- Hey.
- Did you see where she went?
- Is that her behind the tree?
- Oh, Sammy.
You hiding?
- And I can't have any
fucking friends cause of you,
'cause you're a fuckin'
horndog that'll sleep
with anything with a fucking cunt!
- Marie, please.
- Dominic, Stephanie's father called
and said he was gonna call the cops!
I come home from work to this?
- Ma, I didn't do anything?
- You were holding her
hand and cuddling her
on the fucking couch,
you're fucking gross!
- She was coming on to me!
- I don't care if her
tits were hanging out.
You leave her alone.
What were you doing
there in the first place?
- She told me to come over,
hang out with her and Marie.
- She didn't even tell me she texted you.
- She's in high school, Dominic.
- She's 18!
- Yeah, she just turned 18!
- What are you doin' hanging out
with a high schooler anyway?
- What the fuck are you doing
hanging out with a high schooler?
Jesus, movin' up on her?
Look, this is what he
was doin', Ma, like this.
- I can't believe you, Dominic.
- I didn't do that!
- Oh, bullshit!
- What's going on?
- Your fucking douchebag of a cousin's
tryin' to fuck one of my friends again!
- Which one?
- Stephanie Silletti.
- Stephanie - dude, she's like 12! -
She's 18 leave me alone
You owe your sister an apology
- For what?
- You're embarrassing her
and you're embarrassing
all of us with this stuff.
Enough is enough.
- What if her father
calls the cops, Dominic?
Then what?
- Dad, Larry Silletti is
not gonna call the cops.
- It's embarrassing.
He doesn't give a shit!
Look at him!
Watch, one day you're
gonna do the wrong thing
with the wrong girl and
end up in fucking jail!
- She's 18!
- Doesn't matter, Dominic!
- He doesn't care!
Look at him!
Tommy, never get married,
he's gonna fuck your wife.
- Marie, please.
- It's ridiculous!
He does this with all my friends!
I can't have anyone over anymore!
- Oh my God, what are you talkin' about?
- Like the time that we
were takin' prom photos
and you had sex with
Rachel Vento in my shower?
- Are you kidding me?
- Wait, you did what?
- She cornered me, I was raped!
- Oh, I've heard it all!
- You did the same thing with her
that you're doing with Steph.
You're fucking gross!
I fucking hate you!
- You owe her an apology now!
- Whatever, Dad!
- Watch it, Pal.
- Hey, Tommy.
So sorry you had to see me like this.
- It's alright.
- Dominic, go to your room or something.
I don't wanna look at you right now.
- We're going to a movie.
- Yeah, actually we're--
- Good, go, drive safe.
- Let's go, Polanski.
- Polaski!
- What did he say?
- Oh, nothin'.
- Who's Polanski?
- Sammie, I'm gonna drop you off nine
because I gotta go help
cousin Tommy, okay?
- I mean, you know, a car's a car.
Bobby's doing me a solid with this.
- Does the horse come with it?
- Oh, fuck off!
- I mean, you can get
some of this rust out,
clean up these headlights.
But the rest is up to God.
- She's got clean tires,
that's all I care about.
- I wouldn't put my name on it.
- It's not gonna be your name, it's mine.
- Well, if you want it,
go inside and tell him.
- Yeah, I'll get the keys.
- Alright.
Hmm.
- Hey, Ang, did Coca Cola call yet?
They're supposed to come today.
Angela!
Tommy!
Oh, I'll be a son of a
bitch, how you doin', man?
- Hi, John, how are you?
- Ah, hanging in there, man.
You look good!
You're getting buff,
you're working out, yeah?
- No, I'm actually not.
- Oh, come on.
It's all that walkin' in the city.
Absolutely, that's what it'll do to ya.
Ang, look who's here!
Hey, still doing photography?
- Mostly video now, but yeah.
- Yo!
Oh my God, Tommy!
Hi!
- Hey.
- Don't he look good?
- How are you?
- I'm okay.
I'm good.
How long are you here for?
- Ever, I don't know.
- Really?
- Yeah, I...
- Put that clam on me, alright.
- Oh, you don't gotta do that, John.
- Go on, get the fuck outta here!
What are you talkin' about.
Now you got the clam and the
half olives, half pepperoni.
- Yeah, that's me.
Hey, you guys have flex and park?
- Not yet.
- Oh, that reminds me, I
almost forgot to tell you.
Coke is coming tomorrow.
- Tomorrow?
They're supposed to come today.
- I don't know.
My dad texted me and told me to tell you.
- Why doesn't your dad text me?
Why doesn't he call me?
I have a phone, I can do the texting.
- Alright, well, I, you know,
it's good to see you guys.
- Yeah, absolutely.
Yeah, if you ever need anything,
you just give us a call, alright?
- Sure, John, thank you.
- Take one of the Cokes on me.
- Oh, no, we're good.
We got some at the house.
- Take a Sprite, take a
Coke, whatever you want.
Go get it.
- I got it, I got it.
- Hey, whatever you need, alright?
- Thanks, John.
- Whatever you need.
Have a good day.
- Take it easy.
- And you guys should
play music again, come on!
Go to Doody's, get some gigs!
I've been telling you to get back into it!
Ah, Jesus, I got flour all over myself.
- Hey, this isn't your car.
- Yeah, I haven't had
the old on in forever.
Just picked this one up yesterday.
- Huh.
I like it.
So you still playing guitar?
- No, not really at all.
How 'bout you, you still piano?
- Yeah.
Any chance I get.
Hey, we should jam again.
- Yeah, yeah, that could be fun.
- Yeah.
So, you happy to be back?
Never heard from you.
- Yeah, it's okay.
I just, sorry, I didn't
think that you would--
- No, it's all good.
Hey, how's Marie doing?
I mean, you know, considering.
- Right.
Well, you know, it's different, yeah?
But everyone's different
shades of good, I guess.
- Mhmm.
Well, let me know if you
wanna do something soon.
- Absolutely.
- It's good
to see you, Tomooch.
- You too.
Hey, you tell John I
said thanks again, okay.
- Will do.
Be good.
Get in touch!
I'll find you.
♪ Don't, don't, don't,
don't, don't you see that ♪
♪ This will be my downfall ♪
♪ No, no, no, no, no, no way out ♪
♪ I'm in this for the long haul ♪
♪ Last call for alcohol ♪
We got this.
- You got this.
- No, you're good.
I am not worried.
- Do we need to run it again?
- Nope, we're good.
- Yeah?
- Be confident!
- I'm plenty confident.
- I liked it.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
You guys are ready.
- Thank you.
I've gotta go pee.
- I'm packing this up for tomorrow.
- Alright.
- Hey, Ang,
this is gonna sound crazy,
but that whole handhold thing.
- Hmm?
- Well, you guys kinda held hands.
- Oh, we high-fived.
- Yeah.
It's kinda held at the end.
- Oh, okay.
I'm sorry, I totally didn't mean it.
- It's just, I meant,
you know.
- Okay, yeah, I'm sorry.
- Don't be.
It's fine.
I'm just saying.
- Hey, we still getting sushi?
- Did you wash your hands?
- Yes.
- I don't smell soap.
- I washed them.
- Like his fucking mother.
- Hey.
- Hey!
Tommy, it's so good to see you.
- You too, Holly.
- Are you coming out with us?
- Yeah, no.
I'm not feeling that good tonight.
- Oh, no, that sucks.
- Yeah.
- Ready?
- Yeah, can we smoke before?
- I'm out.
- Oh, man, you dirty little whore.
- What can I say.
- That's alright,
let's hit the road.
- Come on, let's go.
Bye, lame-ass!
- Yeah, next time, I swear.
- Uh-huh.
- You better.
You told me he was coming out.
- He just doesn't feel like it.
- Why not?
- Because he doesn't want to.
- Well, I don't see why he can't come out
and have a good time with his old friends.
I don't understand why
he has to shut us out.
- Come on, don't be a bitch.
Let's just go, come on.
- I'm just sayin'.
Tommy, can you help me with Marie?
She's really wasted.
- Yeah, I'll be right there.
- Thanks.
Almost there.
- Ow.
- You got this, Marie.
- Go, go, go.
- Okay.
Thanks for the help, Tommy.
- Let me take the shoes from you.
There we go.
- There you go, girl.
- That's not, okay.
- She's in the bed.
- Did she drive?
- She did.
She's as sober as a fucking bird.
No, of course I did!
- Okay.
- Can you go get a pail?
- Yeah.
- It's alright.
I got ya home in your bed.
- I so love you.
- Oh, I love you too.
It was a fun night.
Fun times.
We didn't even smoke beforehand.
Thanks, Tommy.
- Hey Marie, why don't
you roll this way, okay?
I got the pail over here, yup.
I'm gonna hang out for a little bit
just in case you've gotta puke, okay?
- Me too.
- Oh, you're the best.
- No, you can go home.
You're fine.
- No, it's fine, I worry.
- Well, that's the calamari.
- Shut up.
Stop.
- Sorry.
I keep telling you to
take it easy, though.
- Yeah, I heard you the first time.
- You know, just clean up well,
let me know when you're
okay, and I'll take you home.
- It's okay, I can stay a little longer.
- You're gonna regret it, babe.
Seriously, I wanna drive you home.
- You're saying you don't want me here?
- No.
- Okay, then shut up.
- I just, you're a little drunk,
I thought you could use the
rest before your flight.
You can spend the night if you want,
but we're just gonna have to get up
even earlier in the morning.
- Is the door locked?
- Uh, yeah.
Yeah, well, okay, you can spend the night.
- I don't wanna go tomorrow.
- It's only four days.
It's a wedding, free booze.
- Still, I'm gonna miss you.
- I know.
- What?
- Calamari.
- Fuck you!
- Well, no, I'm sorry.
It's fine, just get more mouthwash.
- No, I wanna go home.
- Really?
- You are such a fucking asshole!
Do you know how fucking
embarrassing this is for me?
I was gonna let you fuck me,
and then you're like, uh, calamari!
- Stop, Kara, stop.
- No, fuck you, I wanna go home.
- What, I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
I'm sorry.
- What, am I too drunk for you?
- No, you're not drunk.
- You thought I was.
- Yeah, well, I didn't know like sloppy.
I just felt like you're
gonna be hung over tomorrow,
it's gonna suck to fly, I don't even know.
It's not a problem.
- No, no, take me home.
You ruined it.
- Seriously?
- Yeah.
- Kara, I don't care if
we, you know, whatever.
I just, you're about to go, I don't want--
- Just stop!
Let's go.
Or I can fucking walk!
- Okay, you're not gonna,
you're not gonna walk.
You're not gonna walk.
Hey, she's pretty passed out.
- Okay.
- Um, are you too tired?
Do you need me to give you a ride home?
- No, I'm okay.
I was thinking of staying
here on the couch.
- Why don't you just jump in with her?
- She kicks.
- She does.
- Alright, yeah, take care of yourself.
I'll see you in the morning.
- Okay.
Goodnight, Tommy.
- Hey.
- Hey, this is gonna sound weird,
but do you have a T-shirt
and pair of shorts?
I can't sleep in this skirt.
- Oh, yeah.
Shirt.
And shorts.
- Thanks.
- You got it.
- It's okay, you can look.
- I'm fine.
- Well, that makes me feel great.
- That's not how I meant it.
- I'm fucking with you.
Okay, you can turn around now.
- That's adorable.
- Thanks.
♪ An empty chair at all the tables ♪
♪ And I'll be seein'
you when all my days ♪
- Good night.
♪ For now we'll say goodbye ♪
♪ We know it's not the last ♪
- Oh, hi, Varya.
- Good morning!
Coffee?
- Sure!
Thank you so much.
- I'm leaving, sweetheart!
- Oh!
Oh, bye!
- Is that Holly?
You sleep okay?
- Yep, hope I didn't wear out my welcome.
- Don't be ridiculous.
We have plenty of stuff,
go eat somethin', okay?
- You want eggs or pancakes?
- Oh, no thanks.
- Okay.
- Varya?
- Yes?
- This is really good.
- Oh, thank you.
- Hey.
Did Varya make that?
- Oh my God, yes.
- How good is it?
- The fucking best!
- I know, right?
It's one silver lining.
- Yeah.
Hey, I hope I didn't freak
you out too much last night.
I just got caught up in the moment.
I was a little tipsy.
- Nah, it's okay.
I just, I didn't wanna.
- I understand.
- I mean, I would.
- You don't have to do anything.
- I just, I can't.
- I understand, it's okay.
- I hope that I didn't do anything--
- Oh, God, no.
- Alright, good.
- Good morning.
- Did Varya make that?
- Yes.
- Hey, easy, easy!
- Oh, Varya.
- Yes?
Oh, coffee?
- Please.
Did you guys bang?
- No.
- [Reporter Thanks, Rich.
Yeah, for 25 years this little
slice of heaven in Milford
has been the go-to spot.
This just in to the newsroom.
We wanna give you an update on
that accident in North Branford.
It has been confirmed
that one of the drivers
in that two-car collision
has died on the scene.
Lynette's Sweet Shop,
open every day until 10 pm
for those late night cravings.
And get this, kids who visit can enjoy
complimentary stickers.
I already have six of them..
The driver killed has been identified.
A vigil will be held tomorrow at 7 pm.
There is no better way to
celebrate this anniversary.
Bobbie Bernstein, Channel 2 News.
- You can't swing at the low ones.
This isn't golf.
Okay, just watch the ball
the whole way down the line, got it?
- You're throwing soft
ball style, it's not fair!
- It doesn't matter, dude.
I gotta go see Little John
at the restaurant real quick.
Do you want me to drop you
home, do you wanna come with?
- Can you drop me home and
get me a slice of pizza?
- No, I'm heating the stuffed shells.
- I don't like stuffed shells.
- How do you not like stuffed shells?
Hey.
- Hey, Tommy was lookin' for ya.
- What'd he say?
- I don't know, he just
wanted to say hi or somethin'.
He was coming in from ridin'.
I told him to come back
tomorrow when you're workin'.
- Did he seem okay, was something wrong?
- No, he seemed fine.
Here, take this to your dad.
I don't know what they are.
- Yeah, but he didn't
like say what he wanted?
- I have no idea, alright?
We have no more room,
take 'em to your father.
He can put 'em in his freezer.
- Where is he gonna put this.
- I don't know!
- No, no, no, no, no.
These are not going in my car.
- Why not?
- Because, no!
- Okay.
- Just no!
- Well, we have no more room here.
I don't know what you're talkin' about.
You gotta take 'em to your dad.
- Tell him to pick it up then!
- Like he's gonna pick it up here?
- What the hell is in these anyway?
- I don't know, it says cannoli shells,
but it doesn't smell
like no cannoli shells.
- Throw it out.
- No, it could be
something we need, alright?
- Throw it out!
God, no wonder you have no
more fucking room in here!
- We can't just keep
throwing everything out!
- Oh my God, what is this shit?
Who am I, Gordon fucking Ramsey?
- Shh, we have a customer outside.
- I don't care!
- We'll be right with you, sir.
- Let me ask you something.
How old do you think these are?
- I don't know!
- I dare you, smell it.
- No, I'm not smelling that!
- Alright, you know what?
We're gonna, we're gonna
clear this out right now.
- No.
- Bring me the pail.
- Which one?
- The big one.
- Uh, it's full!
- Oh my God.
♪ Last call for alcohol ♪
♪ Still haven't made my move yet ♪
♪ Don't know the protocol ♪
♪ But I'm in a reckless mindset ♪
♪ Da-don't, da-don't,
da-don't you see that ♪
♪ This will be my downfall ♪
♪ No-no-no-no-no-no way out ♪
♪ I'm in this for the long haul ♪
♪ Last call for alcohol ♪
- Okay, that's you.
- Okay, got it.
- Ow.
- Oh, no!
Shit, I'm sorry.
- No, it's alright.
- Do you taste blood?
- Not yet.
Here you go.
- Oh, thank you.
- Hey, you got it.
- Hey, you know what I
just realized in there?
- What's that?
- Tell Kara I said hi.
- Mhmm.
- Pain in the ass.
- What did you say?
- Nothing.
- No, what was it?
- Nah, I forgot.
- Alright.
- You just play better
without her watching.
- No, I play the same.
- No, no.
You're just more, I don't
know, relaxed or something.
You were bad-ass in there!
- So were you.
- Oh.
Party's over for that matter
when she gets back tomorrow.
- Oh, shut up.
- I'm only kidding.
- Am I bleeding?
- At little, ah, a little bit.
I'm gonna go.
- Yeah, yeah, me too.
- Yeah.
- Um, good show, yeah?
- Yeah, good job tonight.
- Yeah, drive safe, okay?
- Okay, yeah, yep.
♪ Things we used to do ♪
♪ A memory of you ♪
♪ I see them everywhere ♪
♪ Things we used to share ♪
♪ I don't ever wanna lose that moment ♪
♪ Even if I have to face this pain again ♪
♪ I don't ever wanna be
something you can't recall ♪
♪ Just promise that you still remember ♪
♪ How we used to be ♪
♪ So thanks for the memories ♪
♪ Let's not be enemies anymore ♪
- Morning, Uncle Dom.
- Hey, good morning, Cheech.
You ready for that big interview?
- Yeah.
- You talked to your mother lately?
- Yeah, just last night.
- She doesn't want anything to do with me.
- Give her time.
- You know, as soon as I found Varya,
I lost a sister-in-law.
- You know how she gets.
She'll come around.
- Yeah, I suppose.
- Come check this out.
- Some nice shots.
- Not bad, huh?
But how do I get the music to stop playing
over this so I can put a new song in?
- You're gonna have to fade it out.
- How do I do that?
- Well, just like the
picture lengths, you know?
Just change the music the same way.
- Oh, so it's the same thing?
- Mhmm.
- Well, can you show me how to
do it so I know how, please?
- Uh, yeah, sure.
Alright, so, to fade this out
what you're gonna wanna do
is drag this little ball in
the audio track to the left.
- Oh.
Okay, perfect.
This is the song I wanted.
- Yeah, that's a good one.
- Alright, when I'm done I'll
show you the whole thing.
- Okay.
- Thank you, thank you.
- Yeah, you got it.
- No sneak previews.
- I'm still getting used
to this red hair, you know?
- You don't like it?
- Oh, I love it!
It becomes you.
You look sexy.
- Oh, don't use that word!
- Why?
I'm proud of my kids being sexy.
- Uh!
- It's better than having ugly kids.
Okay?
- Yeah, I guess so.
- I mean, I was used to
you, you're entire life
being a blonde, and now
you're this sexy redhead.
- Uh, stop!
- So how's Alec?
- Alec?
- Mhmm.
- He's okay.
- Just okay?
- Yeah, just okay.
He's like, he's really immature.
I don't know if I could,
like, see a future there.
- Well, honey, let me
tell you, guys are kids
at heart they're entire life.
- So I gotta be his mom now?
- Ew, no, that's gross.
God, no.
But one of you guys has
to be a little mature
and kinda, you know,
handle things a little bit.
I mean, it doesn't mean he's not mature,
it's just he'll be a kid
three-quarters of the time.
- He still plays with Hot Wheels.
He's 22, it's gross!
It's weird.
- Oh, God.
Well, just remember they
don't quite grow up.
Or maybe they're just playing us, huh?
Maybe they want us to
thing that they're kids
so we can let them get
away with stuff, you know?
Maybe they're using
reverse psychology on us.
- Well, now I really don't wanna date him.
- Oh, hang on, honey, give me a second.
I just have to--
- What's, what's wrong?
Do you want a glass of water or something?
Do you want?
Are you okay?
- Yeah, I'm okay.
I'm okay.
- Are you sure?
- Yeah, it's just, just need some air.
Okay.
I'll be okay.
Thank you.
Thank you, honey.
- Okay, okay.
- I love you.
You know I always will.
- I love you, too.
Yeah, of course.
I know.
Why are you talkin' like you?
Don't talk like that.
Come on, you're gonna be okay.
- Okay.
So when do you think you, um,
take me maybe to the salon or something
so I can get rid of
some of this gray hair?
Maybe make me feel good about myself.
- Yeah.
Yeah, it'll be really fun.
You look beautiful, stop.
You know I don't have to be
at work for another hour.
Wanna find Kara?
- Yeah, sure.
She's over here.
- Really, I thought she
was by Saint Francis?
- No, over by
the two trees, I thought.
- Oh.
Did you find her?
- No!
- I thought it was a family headstone!
- No, it's just a plaque!
♪ Ooh ♪
- I said get out, get out!
- You are freaking out about nothing.
- About nothing?
- It's nothing.
- Oh, nothing, really, really?
- Yes!
- Explain to me how this is nothing?
- Okay, so you were texting me,
and then he texted me,
and then you texted me,
and I got confused about--
- That is such a--
- No, it is not!
- For this!
- Yes, I was.
- You knew exactly what you were doing.
Get the fuck out.
- Tommy.
Fuck.
- Hi, Tommy, I really need you to call me.
I feel like I did not
articulate myself earlier.
I, I am, I am so sorry, I
didn't mean to.
I feel terrible.
I understand why you're mad,
but just call me back, okay?
- We have new information
on that crash in North
Branford from last night.
This happened at the intersection
between Route 80 and Twin Lakes Road.
The driver has been
identified as 22 year old
Kara Gavin of Northford.
A vigil will be held tomorrow at 7 pm at.
- I can't find her anywhere.
- It's alright, neither can I.
Let's just go.
- No, I feel awful.
- It's okay, Tommy.
We can come back.
- She's gonna get so mad at me.
- No, she won't.
She's knows you're here.
It's alright, Tommy.
- It's there like, fucking, a directory,
or someone we can talk to about this?
- We can't keep going back and forth.
- It's not alphabetical.
I just can't fucking find her!
- Okay, hey, whoa.
Listen, you got an interview at three,
I gotta go to work, we
have our shit, okay?
Let's just go.
- Yeah.
Yeah, why don't you
take me back to my car,
and come back on my own.
- Tommy, no, don't.
No, come on.
Let's just go, alright?
- Oh, God.
This place is so small, she could be,
she could be right there, you know?
- Tommy, I know.
I know.
- She could be right there.
- Tommy, let's just go.
Alright?
- Yeah, yeah, okay, let's go.
- It's okay.
Want Dunkin'?
I'll buy.
- Yeah, sure.
Hello?
- Tommy, it's Angela.
- Oh, hey.
- Hey.
I don't mean to bother you,
but my cousin said that you came in
looking for me the other day.
- Oh, um, yeah.
I was just, you know, at the restaurant,
and wanted to say hi.
- Oh, okay.
I was just wondering,
making sure you're okay.
- Yeah.
No, I'm more or less fine.
I had a job interview.
- Oh, cool, how'd it go?
- I don't know yet.
- What job?
- Technical director for an arts college.
- Oh, that's nice.
I hope you get it.
Listen, I was just wondering
if anytime this week
you wanna grab dinner
or a drink or something.
Not like a date, just I wanna
see you, and catch up more.
- Yeah, yeah, that'd be great.
I'm kind of in for the
night right now, but, um.
- Do you like Supreme?
- Supreme Seafood?
Yeah.
I haven't been there in a while.
Nah, that sounds great.
- Okay, great.
Four o'clock?
- Yeah, sure.
Yeah, I'd really like that.
- Me too.
Okay, great.
Well, I'll see you then.
Oh, you can text me, by the way.
- Yeah, about that.
How did you get my number?
- I've had it.
- Right.
Yeah, I'm, sorry, I switched phones.
- It's okay.
Okay, well, have a good night.
I'll see you tomorrow?
- Yeah, four o'clock.
- Okay, bye.
- You know when you watch the
Titanic high you root for Cal.
- You're out of your mind.
Oh my God.
- It's true.
- These fucking bullfrogs!
- Hey!
- Jesus!
- What the fuck are you doing?
- Get in.
I almost died.
- You guys smell
like a dorm room in here.
- Why, why are you in the car?
- My dad doesn't like me
to smoke in the house.
- He's not home.
- He's not?
- How high are you?
- Pretty high.
I thought he was in the house.
- No, I was in the house.
- Well, who the fuck were you talking to?
- I was on the phone.
- Then where is he?
- He's at the basketball game.
The Branford basketball game.
- Oh, shit, do you wanna go?
- No!
- That'd be so funny.
Imagine us walking in there?
- Oh, yeah, that'd be hilarious.
- It'd be the best basketball game.
- Anyway, what are you doing tonight?
- Nothing.
- Come hang with us.
- Yeah, sure, we'll do it.
- Why don't you smoke?
- I get paranoid.
- No, he doesn't, it makes him sad.
- That's not true, I just--
- Why?
- 'Cause Kara used to smoke,
and he didn't like it.
She was a bigger stoner than was.
- Huh.
- Yeah.
- Oh.
That's a pretty big stoner.
- Oh, yeah.
You remember,
do you remember when she
almost hit something in her RAV.
Oh my God!
- Yeah.
- It was the best night.
We were all coming home from some party
or something, I don't remember.
And so we all pile in her new RAV,
'cause it could fit all of us,
and she turns the corner onto our street
and we just hear this bump
and then the ,
and we were like, oh my God.
We all rushed out of the car.
It was like that movie.
And so my brother walks
around to the tire,
and he goes, oh my God.
And we go, what, what what?
He goes, we hit a fucking boot!
- Yeah, yeah, it was pretty stupid.
- It was the,
it was the best night.
Oh, I'm pretty high.
You guys wanna go inside?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
Alright.
I'm movin' out.
- Do it.
- Wait, what?
- Wow, was not expecting that.
- What were you expecting?
- I don't know, some big,
like, no, don't do it!
You can't afford it, we'll miss you.
Aren't you guys gonna miss me?
- You said moving out, not moving.
- Oh.
- Do you wanna move in with me?
Cheaper.
I don't have an extra room, but.
- No, it's okay.
I just...
It's just, like,.
It just sucks.
My dad probably doesn't even want me here.
- Hey, don't say that, that's not true.
- Whatever.
- She's passed out again.
- Oh, yeah?
- Do you think she's
really gonna move out?
- Yeah, probably.
- What about you?
You can't live here forever.
- I don't plan on staying here too long.
I'll figure it out once
I, you know, get a job.
But if I don't, it's down to
Delray Beach with my parents.
- That would be awesome!
- For you.
- What are you working on?
- Ah, it's nothing really.
Found some old videos,
just looking through them.
- Geez, you look the same.
- Thanks.
- Oh, pink was Kara's favorite color.
Sorry.
- For what?
- Nothing.
- Okay, alright, check this out.
We used to put cups in the
sand down on Madison Beach,
and we would throw ping
pong balls against the wind,
try to hook 'em back into the cup.
Called it beach pong.
It's fuckin' impossible,
I only got it once.
- Were you guys, like,
drunk all day there?
- When we were a little
older, yeah, pretty much.
But it was even better
when we were teenagers.
You know, none of us had phones
or anything to be distracted by.
Well, I mean, you know,
we had the Nextels.
- Oh my God, I remember those.
- Yeah.
- Those walkie talkie phones.
- That's the one.
Shit.
- What?
- It's gonna kick off.
- Yeah, there it goes.
- What happened?
- Nothing, I just got
too much shit in here.
Gotta get it cleaned out.
- Take it to P.C. Richard.
- No, no, it'll be okay for a little.
It'll turn back on.
It's just the fun part is
seeing if I lost anything.
- Can I kiss you?
- Um, no.
- I love you guys, all of you.
Do you want another beer?
- No, no, I'm good.
- Okay, I'm gonna go to bed.
- Oh, hey, do you need
clothes or anything?
- I brought my own this time.
- Cool.
- Unless you want me to get
naked in front of you again.
- That's not what I meant.
- I'm fucking with you.
Good night.
- Good night, Holly.
- How long were you waiting?
- I just got here.
- Okay.
What's up?
I remember that shirt.
- Yeah, it's a classic.
- You always had good shirts.
- Hey folks, how are yous?
Can I get you something to drink?
- Can I get a Coke?
- A Coke.
- Just a water, please.
- And a water, sure.
- Thank you.
- Oh, I have been non-stop today.
What were you up to?
- Absolutely nothing.
It was fantastic.
- Oh, lucky you.
I took Joey to school,
went to get new glasses
because I broke the shit out
of my old ones that I loved.
- There you go, folks.
- Thank you.
- Oh, thank you.
- Would you
like to order right now?
- Yeah, can I get the
lobster roll, please.
- The lobster roll?
- Yeah.
- Can I get the clam strips
with extra tartar on the side?
- Extra tartar, would you like
french fries with it, too?
- Oh, yeah, those Cajun fries.
- Cajun fries, sure, okay.
- Thank you.
- Thanks.
Let me see your glasses.
- They're all right.
My old ones were adorable.
But they do the job though.
- I like 'em.
- Thank you.
- So, what happened to your mom.
You know, I heard she left.
- She went to California.
- Your dad okay?
I don't wanna ask.
- No, it's fine.
He's alright.
Trying to date again.
- Did you see it coming?
- No.
My dad helped her get
a job with his friend.
Three months later she
was fucking that friend,
and six months later she wanted a divorce.
Now she's in California with him.
- Still talk to her?
- All the time.
- I'm sorry.
- No, it's okay.
But, no more me.
How are you?
Are you okay?
- Yeah.
- Listen, I know you
don't wanna talk about it.
You probably were worried
that I was gonna bring it up.
But just.
- Ang, you don't gotta say, it's fine.
- Just listen, just listen, please.
I don't know, this whole time,
I thought after seeing you
today that I would be thinking,
you know, you're not you,
and it's sad or whatever.
But I was wrong, no, you're still you!
And I know that you're not the kind of
person that.
- It's okay.
- No, Tommy, I know she was horrible.
I know she treated you like shit!
- Ang, it wasn't that bad.
- And you didn't deserve that.
- It's not that bad.
- Everybody talks about her like she's
some fucking angel now, and you can't even
talk about how fucked up she was to you
because that would be rude.
- We were in college, that
shit happens all the time.
- You never told anyone,
you only told me,
and then you move.
- It's not.
- And I couldn't, I.
- That kind of shit just happens.
It's fine.
- I want.
- I'm fine, Ang.
- I worried.
And I missed you.
- What do you want me to say?
- You don't have to say anything, Tommy.
You just have no reason to feel
guilty now that she's gone.
- It's stupid.
- It's horrible for everyone,
but you gotta find some way.
- No, you don't get it.
You don't get it.
- Tommy, I do!
- No, no, no, no one, no one gets it.
You don't, you don't know.
Fuck, nevermind, no.
- Talk to me.
What?
- When she died.
- Hey.
- I went with her, you know?
Just...
Um, thanks for dinner, you know?
- No, I owe you.
You didn't have to pay.
- Sure, I did.
Anytime.
Let's just, um, let's not
talk about that, okay?
- Yeah, okay.
- Just.
- I'm sorry I brought it up.
- It's fine, it's fine.
- Hey, do you wanna do
this again sometime.
Not cry together.
Everything but that.
I don't know, grab dinner, drinks.
You could come over.
- Yeah, actually, I'd really like that.
- Okay.
I'm sorry I brought it up.
- No, it's alright.
Let's just, let's just
not talk about it again.
- Yeah, okay.
Get home safe.
♪ Hello, old friend ♪
♪ 'bout time you were back again ♪
♪ One year older, it's grown colder ♪
♪ But you're the same ♪
♪ It's why I came ♪
♪ Hello, slight breeze ♪
♪ I noticed all the trees
have shed their leaves ♪
♪ But you don't grieve,
you're staying strong ♪
♪ You're moving on ♪
♪ Oh, Charles River, you
never ever fail to deliver ♪
♪ Can't count on two hands
how many sleepless nights ♪
♪ Aimless strolls, analyzing oversights ♪
♪ And I need your wisdom
more than ever before ♪
♪ 'Cause I ain't holdin' as
tightly to the past anymore ♪
♪ It's all water under the bridge ♪
- Tommy.
- Hey, don't worry, I took a cab.
- Shh, shh,
what's the matter with you?
- Oh, hey, listen, Uncle Dom, Varya,
she's such a sweet woman.
You're a lucky guy, you know?
- You're drunk, Tommy.
- Very sexy.
Listen, my mom, I'm sorry
she's the way she is, you know?
But she's gonna coming around.
- Don't worry about it.
Go get some water.
Come on, let's get you some water.
I'll help ya out.
- Hey, Uncle Dom.
- Alright, alright, alright.
- Thank you for taking me in.
- Alright, Tommy, how 'bout
some coffee or some Gatorade?
Come on, you need somethin'.
- This isn't gonna happen again.
- Don't worry about it, you're fine.
Tommy, coffee, Tommy, oops.
Tommy!
That'll work, go sleep it off.
I'll see you in the morning, we'll talk.
These kids, my goodness.
- Good morning.
- Good morning!
- Oh.
- Where is the, the towels, the towels?
- Oh, uh, yeah, right there.
Oh.
Um.
Heads up!
- Really nice!
- Well, what
kind of catch was that?
- What kind of throw was that?
- Shut up!
- Hey, hey, hey, what's going on in here?
What?
- It's fine, nothing.
- I thought you two were fighting?
- Clearly, we're not.
So it's fine.
- You had to be there.
- Marie, what
time you get outta work?
- Uh, seven, where's Tommy?
- He's filmin' that baptism.
- Alright, bye.
Bye, I love you.
- Love you more.
- Mhmm.
- Have a good day.
- What did I miss?
What happened?
Are you okay?
Oh.
I thought you guys were in a battle.
I didn't know what was going on.
- Who is it?
- Hello?
- One second!
Tommy, hi.
I've heard so much about you.
It's nice to meet you, I'm Lindsay.
- Hi, yeah, who are you?
- I'm a friend of Dom's.
- Okay.
- Sammy, did you say hi to your cousin?
- Hey, Sammy, I didn't see you there!
Where's your dad, huh?
- He'll be here any minute.
- Yeah, okay.
- We're gonna go to
dinner and Dairy Queen.
- Oh, fun!
- Did you wanna come with us?
- No, I'm good, but thank you.
- I'm not crazy.
- Um, what?
- Nothing.
- Yo!
- Hey, babe.
- Hey.
Cousin Larry, what are you doin' here?
- Hey, man.
- Hey, sweetie, daddy's home.
I'm gonna get showered and changed
and then we're gonna go, okay?
You ready?
- Hey.
- What's up?
You comin' with us?
- Yeah, no, I just came by to say hi.
- Bye.
- Yeah.
- Sorry.
- Yeah, no, that's fine.
- Hey, Cal.
Yeah, it's crazy.
- Don't say a word.
- About what?
- Come on.
- Oh, you mean Mrs. Robinson?
- Shut up!
Seriously, I like her!
- Dude, I'm just kidding, she's hot.
- She's in the middle of a divorce.
- Oh, there's the catch.
- Calm down, it's fine.
- Alright.
Hey, man, I'll see ya later, okay?
- Alright, bye, we'll catch up later.
Take care.
- Bye Sammie!
- Hmm, Egyptian cotton.
- Yep.
- When was the last time
you washed your sheets?
- Just about a week ago.
Two weeks ago.
No, uh-uh.
I gotta go.
I'm taking out Sammie.
- Don't forget to wash your sheets, now.
You can't go past two weeks,
you'll get warts or something.
- Yeah, you've been telling
me that my whole life, Ma.
What's that look, you
got jokes about Lindsay?
Age gap?
- I love who you love.
- I love you.
- Love you, too.
You forgot your phone.
- I'm moving out.
And I found this really great
place over in Northford.
It's really close, really
near where Holly lives,
and so it wouldn't be too drastic, so.
- That's great, Marie.
I'm not gonna stop ya if
that's what you really want.
- Wow, just didn't think you'd...
- What?
- Do you even want me here?
- Marie, are you serious?
- Stop, no.
I don't wanna be coddled right now.
Come on.
- I'm always gonna be here.
You're room is always going to be here.
Everything is here.
- No, Dad, you're not listening.
- I am listening.
- Should I say it in a Russian accent?
Would you listen then?
- Oh, is that what this is about now?
- Come on, Dad!
It's been two years, and
then Varya comes along
and mom is just gone, and
I'm this piece of shit
who can't seem to let shit go.
And you're just erasing her,
and I'm erasing myself from you, Dad,
and it kinda seems like
that's what you want!
- I didn't erase her!
Look at my phone.
Your mother's my background.
- I just, I don't need
pictures to see her every day.
I see her all the time.
Every new patient, every new mother,
every kid that comes in, I see her.
I'm sorry, I didn't know she
was your phone background.
I never noticed.
- I'm sorry.
- Why do we have to
remember her like that, huh?
Why can't we remember her
like, like she wanted us to,
like live like she wanted us to, you know?
- A man needs--
- Oh.
- Varya makes me very happy.
You make me happy.
Even your cousin living
here is better, you know?
- I just don't understand.
- How can I explain this to you?
Okay, remember Poppy had a
girlfriend after Nona died.
- Yeah, Dad, five years after!
- But he was happy, it's
the same thing, Marie.
- I'm gonna move.
And I really hope you can still be my dad.
- Marie.
- Because I can't, I can't
handle another loss right now.
- Please, it's gonna be okay.
I'm proud of you.
Marie, I promise, it's gonna be okay.
- I love you.
- I love you, too, sweetheart.
It's gonna be okay.
Yes.
- You think you can help me move?
- With these muscles?
- Dad.
- Of course!
Promise not to take my
popcorn maker with you!
- We'll talk about it.
- Okay.
You know I like my popcorn.
- I know.
♪ Maybe the storybook lied ♪
♪ Maybe we gave up before we even tried ♪
- Hi.
- Congratulations!
Love you, girl!
- The door doesn't look closed, right?
We gotta put a new door on there.
These closed look okay.
♪ Maybe the secret is
seek where you hide ♪
♪ We all fall ♪
♪ We all need ♪
♪ Can't succeed if there
is nothing to believe ♪
♪ We'll get there ♪
- Collection for the walls.
Right?
Get something to cover this thing up.
I wanna know what the hell that is.
♪ Of the beauty that is
burning from beneath ♪
♪ Just take a look inside ♪
- And good to go.
- Good, how long is it gonna take, though?
- Just like 15 minutes.
It's already at 3% done.
- Oh, great, thank you.
- Yeah, you got it, man.
- Hey,
how'd that job interview
work out for you?
- Yeah, I haven't heard
back from that yet.
- You doin' okay?
You've been out and about for a while.
- Yeah, I'm okay.
I've had a couple of gigs.
- I know you miss her, Tommy.
- Uncle Dom, we all miss her.
- No, Kara.
- Oh, yeah.
- Tommy, you need someone.
- I really don't, I'm fine.
- Come on, get some cute
girl to mess around with.
You're miserable, I get it, don't worry.
But come on, Cousin Larry, what about, uh,
what's the girl's name?
The girl you used to
pluck the guitars with.
- You mean Angela?
- Yeah, Angela, Angela!
- I just saw her two days ago for lunch.
- Yeah?
Did you give her the old stromboli, huh?
- No, I did not!
- Did you give her the
capicola?
- No, Uncle Dom, stop.
Stop, stop it, it's not like
that, it's not like that.
- Oh, look, I'm sorry.
I'm just messin' with ya.
- It's alright.
- Do me a favor.
I'm gonna go get cleaned
up and start cookin'.
I want you to go to Krauszer's,
get me two fluffy rolls.
Okay, the big fat wheat ones, alright?
- Yeah.
- They're on the second shelf
on the second row, top, alright?
- Okay, yeah, sure.
- Second shelf, second row, top.
Big fat fluffy ones.
- You got it, Uncle Dom.
- You can't miss 'em, alright?
- I won't.
Hey, second row, top shelf.
- Yes, the fluffy ones.
- You can't miss 'em.
- I won't miss 'em.
- Alright, drive safe.
- You got it.
- Where you going?
- Gotta pick up some rolls for dinner.
Hey, where's Sammie?
- With her mother tonight.
- What's for dinner?
- Gabadels.
- What's that?
- Don't worry, it's good.
- Hey, actually, I need you
to move your car so I can get out.
- Okay.
- I know this seems kind of weird to you.
- Not at all.
Honestly, it was weirder when
he wouldn't talk about you.
- It wasn't him.
I just wasn't ready to meet everybody.
- Look, as long as he's happy,
I could care less, alright?
- I know, but
older woman, younger guy,
it just makes me look like I'm crazy.
- No, it doesn't.
Stop saying that.
- I was worried what his dad would think.
- Uncle Dom
is not one to talk, okay.
Have you seen Varya?
- True.
Alright, I'll be right back, okay?
- Okay.
- Where's Varya?
- She's inside.
I think your Dad's in the shower.
Just go on in, I'll be
back like five minutes.
- Alright.
Let's go.
- Oh, Lord, we thank you for the food
we are about to receive.
Thank you for my brave
and hard working son,
who's as good a father as he is a fireman.
Thank you for my beautiful wife,
and my bright and talented nephew.
We pray that he finds someone
to warm him up a little bit.
We pray that Marie has
a safe night at work.
And finally, we thank you for Lindsay,
the only one who can get
Dominic off his phone.
Amen.
- Amen.
- Make sure you save some for Marie.
♪ Woke up today ♪
♪ To everything gray ♪
♪ All that I saw ♪
- Alright, three more and then
I gotta drop you at Brendon's.
♪ On and On ♪
♪ Come out, come out, wherever you are ♪
- Oh, wow.
Really?
- What?
- What's going on?
- Come in here.
- No, I'm good.
You guys do your thing, I'll watch.
- No, I need you to
come in here and pitch.
- Yeah, she only throws softball style.
- Pfft, gay!
- That's what I said.
It's retarded!
- Hey, don't say that!
Alright, he's not used to the whip--
- Yeah, I got it, give me the glove.
- Oh!
- Give me the glove.
- What was that, huh?
Oh, did you just brush me off?
- I'm sorry.
Please give me the glove?
- No.
- What's your problem?
- Oh, what's my problem?
I see what's going on here.
All of a sudden, so much sass.
Stella's got her groove back, huh?
Like all of a sudden you're so happy.
- I'm not happy.
- Yeah, okay.
Pitch the ball, nutjob.
- Come on!
- One sec.
- Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait!
This is exactly how you were standing.
- Cool, thanks!
This is crap, okay?
So we're gonna do it in front.
Alright, I haven't warmed up yet,
so bear with the first few, alright?
- Woo!
- See, it's because he
doesn't throw like a girl!
- You do throw like a girl, though.
- You messed up.
Run.
- What, what'd I do?
What'd I do?
- You are so dead!
Oh, oh, what are you gonna do?
- The kid needs to practice.
We gotta go back, for the kid!
We gotta go back!
- The kid?
- What the fuck is going on?
- Okay, runner on third,
one out, suicide squeeze.
Batter puts down a bunt.
They throw it to home,
runner three is safe.
They throw it to first and hit the batter
who's running out of the running lane.
How many score?
- One?
- You got it.
- Smart kid.
- That was a tough one.
- I gotta drop him off at
his friend's for a sleepover.
What are you doing tonight?
- Marie just got a new apartment, so--
- Oh, really?
- Yeah.
So I was going to go over,
eat dinner and hang out,
just the two of us.
- Oh, nice.
- Hey, you should come.
- Yeah.
I mean, sure.
God, I haven't seen her in a while.
Are you sure, I don't wanna intrude.
- No, no, no, you should totally do it.
I'll text you the address, yeah?
- Okay.
Joe, I'll just be one second.
- Hey, man, don't forget these.
- Thanks for helping him out today.
- No problem, it was a blast.
Good kid.
- Alright, I'm gonna run home and shower.
Should I bring anything?
- Just you.
- Okay.
And I'm just being honest.
I don't know if this side of
you is gonna be consistent.
- Yeah, I'm sorry.
- You scared me.
- I didn't mean to.
- I hope it stays.
Alright, text me the address.
Okay.
- I'll see you soon.
- See ya.
Don't say a word.
- It's fine, though.
Holly didn't tell you anything about this?
- No, she didn't tell me.
- Yeah, whatever.
So you're happy here?
- Yeah.
- Good.
- I still gotta do laundry
at my house, though.
My Dad's house.
Never gonna get used to that.
- Yeah.
Hey, there she is.
- Hey!
- hey!
Ah!
- Wait, where'd you park?
- Oh, I just found a
guest spot down that way.
- Well, there's one right here.
- It's alright.
How are you?
- Hi, I'm good.
- I'm good.
This is such a nice area.
- I love it.
- Yeah, so how are things?
Congrats!
- Thank you, and better.
- Good.
- Hey!
- Oh, hey.
- How's your dad?
- Um, not the best, but whatever.
- I hear that.
- You know?
I brought this.
I don't know what kind of wine you like
or what you drink.
- I told her
not to bring anything.
- No, no, no, no.
This is perfect.
- Okay.
- Look at that, 2012!
Wow.
- Yeah, it's pretty good.
- Nice, yeah.
- Yeah, let's go.
- Yeah, let's go and see this.
- Let's crack this open!
- God, I want this place.
- Uh-uh, too
late, I like my privacy!
- So how's your brother?
- Ah, he's good.
Probably bangin one of the
Golden Girls right about now
- She's not that old.
She's like 40.
- She's old.
- 38, 39. I hadn't
asked it's rude to ask.
- Thanks for clarifying.
Yep
Are you still
staying at your uncles?
For the time being.
- Hey, you know
what, take my room.
♪ Hello, old friend ♪
♪ 'bout time I'm back again ♪
♪ One year older, it's grown colder ♪
♪ But you're the same ♪
♪ It's why I came ♪
♪ Hello, slight breeze ♪
♪ I notice all the trees
have shed their leaves ♪
♪ But you don't grieve,
you're staying strong ♪
♪ You're moving on ♪
♪ Oh, Charles River, you
never ever fail to deliver ♪
♪ Can't count on two hands
how many sleepless nights ♪
♪ Aimless strolls, analyzing oversights ♪
♪ It's all water under the bridge ♪
♪ Hello, same dock ♪
♪ Feels good to finally talk ♪
♪ Don't need no words,
they're for the birds ♪
♪ Who just exist ♪
♪ It's what I miss ♪
♪ Hello, vast sky ♪
♪ No matter how I try ♪
♪ Can't shake the feeling ♪
♪ You've been healing me all along ♪
♪ Where I belong ♪
♪ Oh, Charles River, you
never ever fail to deliver ♪
♪ Can't count on two hands
how many sleepless nights ♪
♪ Aimless strolls analyzing oversights ♪
♪ And I need your wisdom
more than ever before ♪
♪ Because I ain't holding as
tightly to the past anymore ♪
♪ It's all water ♪
♪ Dirty water ♪
♪ Finally water under the bridge ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org